Ff154 css typed OM cleanup (#44945)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/cssstylevalue/index.md

- [`CSSStyleValue.parseAll()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSSStyleValue/parseAll_static)
  - : Sets all occurrences of a specific CSS property to the specified value and returns an array of `CSSStyleValue` objects, each containing one of the supplied values.

## Instance methods

- {{domxref("CSSStyleValue.toString()")}}

>   - : A {{Glossary("stringifier")}} that returns a string containing the serialized CSS text of the value.

Reviewer: same thing here, if fixing in the `toString()` file

Author: ```suggestion
  - : A {{Glossary("stringifier")}} that returns the value formatted as a string of standard CSS text.
```
